# DOOM-remake-
There are several files needed to run the program, including the main file: DOOM.py, and each enemy’s class files: Cucodemon.py, DSoldier.py, and Sniffer.py. Furthermore, there are all of the sprite images needed, including Bullet.png, Cucodemon.png, CucodemonProjectile.png, dSoldier.png, Hell.png, Hell2.png, Hilbert.png, and Sniffer.png. Next, there are the two music files, titled: E1M1.mp3 and E2M1.mp3. Finally, there is the text file containing the font for the start screen: Doom2016Right.ttf. First, you need to export the file and then download every file onto your computer (in the same place). Finally, run the program. My program’s name is DOOM, and it is a top-down, 2D game where you have to defeat different demons. You have two weapons, a shotgun, and a pistol. There are three different demons across two different levels to discover. You can move around and shoot by aiming with your cursor. The enemies will die after you shoot them twice and your character after it gets shot 3 times, or runs into demons 3 times. To use my program, you first need to run the program. To move the player character around you use the “WASD” keys. Pressing and holding “W” moves the character up, pressing and holding “A” moves the character left, pressing and holding the “S” key moves the character down, and pressing and holding the “D” key moves the character right. Furthermore, to aim you just need to move the cursor around and when you want to shoot, press the “LEFT MOUSE BUTTON” and the character will shoot in the direction of the mouse cursor. Hitting any enemy twice will kill them, deleting them from the area and all of their inheritances. Running into an enemy or getting hit by an enemy’s projectiles twice will kill the player. If the player can kill all of the demons on the first level, they will move on to the second level. When the player dies there will be a game over screen, and when the player kills all the enemies there will be a win screen. In the game, the character can move around and shoot, as well as run into enemies and their projectiles.